Question 3 will be answered here.


As software engineers, we have a unique opportunity to bridge the gap between technical solutions and non-technical stakeholders. 
In this case, we understand that our CS:GO coaching staff may need to be more tech-savvy to run code themselves and understand it. 
I propose a user friendly solution of a website that would take minimal effort to implement. 

The website will be achieved by first designing the website. It would have a clean and intuitive interface to minimize confusion, 
incorporate dropdown menus, text fields, and even checkboxes to gather relevant inputs from the coaching staff and provide clear 
instructions to guide the user through the process. Once we have finalized what we want to see, we can now implement simple 
functionality. Start the development of the website to handle simple questions for testing purposes. For example, create a feature 
that calculates the average timer during a CS:GO match given specific fields. The user will input the team, side, player location, 
and weapons held via dropdown menus or text fields. After the provided information, the website will calculate and present the 
average timer and answer question 2, part b of the SWE assessment. After simple implementation, we will enhance the website to answer 
more complex queries by expanding the questions the website can handle. This would be handled in the form of a sentence provided by 
the coaching staff and parsed using algorithms that can analyze the data and provide answers. To further improve the user experience, 
we can incorporate graphics and interactive elements. Graphics could include charts, graphs, or diagrams to present data in an 
understandable format. A good example would be a heat map for question 2, part c.

By following this approach, we develop a website that is user friendly and allows less tech-savvy individuals to use the code we 
created. It will improve the time taken to develop a strategy and be visually pleasing and fun to use!